Hi, people there, there are people.
And then guys, I 'm recording a video for
you
By the invitation of a game and I came to speak
for you what the bladder what I came
tell you
this video calls play as a woman is
a tag that is a game doing a
campaign and I'm going to talk to you
in this video here
My experiences from my
experiences with prejudices and
suffered prejudice as I dealt with it
I'll talk here I've already made a video
Like when I was much younger but
almost three years ago that I
I recorded a video of you
I've been playing for five years.
15- year-old playing baby then
she must have come a lot of experience
prejudice is not
So, one of them is the one that
It annoys me when I zoom back in with someone.
with the guy there for winning very well
idea should come out of a guy talking to
let you win because you woman
nor the type you get like wool sheet you
or very stupid even if they give a lot of art
I just looked, you understand the anger you give when the
face speaks that let you win and it's
pure lie he does not accept to lose
and the people because of normal the woman
my that was a type can play a lot
better ten thousand
You understood I'm going back very much.
dude, it happened a lot this is in
lan house in several things I was already x 1 and the
pt even in campo frontera also when
I used to play in girls' English.
the disc was too hard because I give too much
anger and rends, I also have a
experience that when playing was very
work week is not her female name
and play well
They were not even thinking about super cheese
traveling guy I used to go in there baby
axis I had a lot of the voice of God I have
a thick voice was not a boy then
12 years I talk about the rocket that you
are crying and son of a bitch sounds to me
I know you will always have this prejudice
There's no way I can finish it and 100% but I
I do not give it today, but I will not
generalize the whole public is many
boys who support many in helping us
very very not but there are the guys that are
very sexist can not give you the
understand that a person of this
I can and I even scribble -
I took care of that, this is the environment
that I wanted to show you and I'm going
invite beautiful inscribed lines
wonderful to take a picture is
stf writings play as a woman and
in the middle of the first link in the
enrollment may be is to send
You will appear on the game page.
hockey league a box to be beautiful
jewell
I will compete for doing well as well
very big in your heart is and
register the channel that video and dp
change visitor wins where to focus on
chamber has half of the bock
stock focus on the hour company that I do not
I know how to do it right.
I do not know how to make a fock effort so it's
it's a kiss